welcome to the latest edition of d23
tzatziki I'm Jeffrey Epstein from d23
Disney's official fan club and I'm here
to bring you all the latest Disney news
from theme parks and movies to
television music and beyond let's get
started we were on the edge of our seats
Sunday night during the Academy Awards
as usual ABC put on quite a show and
Disney managed to snag four fantastic
awards including art direction and
costume design for Alice in Wonderland
and best original song and Best Animated
Feature for the fabulous toy story 3 and
how amazing were Mandy Moore and Zachary
Levi singing I see the light makes me
want to see tangled all over again but
back to Toy Story the studio just
released details about the short that
will precede cars 2 in theaters Hawaiian
vacation reunites all our favorite
characters from the toy story films when
Kenan Barbies plans for a romantic
Hawaiian getaway are botched woody buzz
in the gang leap into action to create a
tropical paradise inside Bonnie's
bedroom I for one am very happy that we
get to see these characters again did
you check out mr. Pricklepants s top
renovations at the disneyland hotel are
continuing at a rapid pace and this
spring the new Tiki inspired Tangaroa
terrace restaurant and trader sams bar
will open the restaurant and bar are a
nod to the mid-century modern
architecture of the disneyland hotel and
will draw inspiration from adventure
lands from disney parks worldwide as
well as the beloved Tahitian terrace
restaurant from Disneyland the names are
of course taken from Tangaroa the father
of all gods and goddesses at the
Enchanted Tiki Room and traders am the
head salesman of the jungle on The
Jungle Cruise and if you were a fan of
the adventurers Club at Walt Disney
World's Pleasure Island we hear the
trader sams lounge area will feature
some dazzling interactive experiences
you won't want to miss our friends at
the studios keep rolling out new cars
for this summer's cars two characters
just introduced include rod torque
redline voiced by Bruce Campbell
siddeley voiced by Jason Isaacs and sir
miles Axelrod miles voiced by Eddie
Izzard is a former oil baron who
converted himself into an electric
vehicle and devoted his life to
discovery and clean renewable energy
miles is actually the car behind the
world Grand Prix the race which
Lightning McQueen enters in the film and
uses it to show up his new Wonder fuel
Allinol will get to see how wonderful it
is on jun 24
work while I'm sure you all celebrated
national platypus stay back in February
right well disney channel and disney XD
are commemorating the event with their
own platypus today coming up on March
fit phineas and Ferb's good pal perry
the platypus also known as the
crime-stopping Agent P will be honored
with an all-day marathon of Perry
episodes on disney XD from 8am to 5pm
and on disney channel from 5pm to APM in
every episode phineas and ferb ask what
are we going to do today this saturday
i'm watching parody tickets are on sale
now for d23 is destination de walt
disney world 40th a massive celebration
of the Orlando theme park with a full
weekend of fascinating panels
presentations and screenings including
weird waltzes new world the walt disney
world that never was an Imagineering
walt disney world from yesteryear to
Tomorrowland which will take a look both
back and forwards at the resort the
event is bursting with disney luminaries
and legends and culminates with an
enchanting concert magic journeys a
flight of fancy through 40 years of walt
disney world musical memories featuring
academy award winner richard sherman
check out disney calm / d23 for all the
details and teams can register now for
d23 s great disney scavenger hunt
waltzes new world it's a two-day for
park events scouring the resort for
answers to clues to win incredible
prizes you don't have to be a d23 member
to enter but of course d23 members get a
special team price and starting next
tuesday march eight armchair archivist
returns with new episodes next week the
biweekly show we'll take a look at the
painstakingly restored sleeping beauty
book from the classic animated film you
won't want to miss it our friends at the
studios just released a new poster for
Winnie the Pooh how cute is this poster
that honey looks yummy the movie opens
in theaters July fifteenth and
disneyland resort just announced the
opening dates of three incredible
attractions on may 27th the colorful
soundsational parade will begin marching
its way through disneyland on june third
star tours the adventures continue will
launch riders to all new destinations in
Tomorrowland also on jun 3rd The Little
Mermaid ariel's undersea adventure will
start taking guests under the sea at
Disney California Adventure outer space
under the sea if only we could get
frequent flyer miles for all this
traveling now it's time for viewer
questions speaking of the Little Mermaid
several people have written in and asked
about the distinction between the two
new attractions being built based on the
classic
The Little Mermaid ariel's undersea
adventure at disney california adventure
and under the sea journey of the little
mermaid of Walt Disney World's Magic
Kingdom our friends and Imagineering
tell me like toy story midway mania the
inside experience once you're on both
attractions will be the same the
exteriors queue and loading areas will
be different to reflect the two very
different lands where the stories take
place the creative teams working on the
attractions chose the names to reflect
the experience of the attractions
themselves as well as the lands and
theme parks where the attractions will
reside Tony Casanova wrote to us on
Facebook and asked when the official d23
expo schedule will be posted and when
show floor details will be revealed well
Tony we are working with our friends all
around disney to pull together a truly
dynamic lineup of presentations talent
pavilions and experiences for the
ultimate disney event this august you
should definitely keep your eyes peeled
to d23 expo com for updates in the
coming months and look for big
announcements to start rolling out this
spring and over the summer and of course
d23 members get a great discount on
tickets hopefully we'll see you there if
you have a question for d23 s disney
geek feel free to send it to our twitter
account at twitter.com slash disney d23
or to our facebook account at
facebook.com slash disney d23 well
that's all the disney news for this week
if you're already a member of d23 thank
you and if you're not what are you
waiting for learn more about Disney's
official fan club and get all your
Disney news at Disney com /d 23 thanks
for watching see you real soon
you